>> Brian Holt: Let's go create
another file called store.js.
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
And here we're gonna say,
import  from 'redux'.
>> Brian Holt: And
import rootReducer from,
from './reducers'
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
Then we're gonna say,
const store = createStore(rootReducer).
And then, export default store.
>> Brian Holt: And
that is the most basic store, right.
That's all you need to create a store.
>> Speaker 2: All right, question
about sort of the shape of this thing.
It might be easier to take a look
in the chat if you have it.
Dan is asking about the structure
where you do the const,
object, create store, and
then do the export default store,
versus putting the export default up
where you're actually defining it.
So essentially,
instead of having two lines.
>> Brian Holt: Mm-hm.
>> Speaker 2: Or two parts where
you export default afterwards.
>> Speaker 2: You replace
the const store [CROSSTALK].
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, gotcha.
>> Speaker 2: With the export default.
>> Brian Holt: I mean, you totally could,
that's just preference on
how you want it to look.
>> Brian Holt: It's just saying
specifically in reducers we could
just say, essentially just say,
export default, up here, right?
>> Brian Holt: Ex brought.
Right?
And get rid of this.
>> Speaker 2: I do that all the time too.
>> Brian Holt: It depends.
Yeah, no I just I prefer-
>> Speaker 2: But
I don't know if you have
an opinion of no opinion.
>> Brian Holt: I don't know
I'm gonna go with no opinion.
If I come across a code base where someone
does that, it doesn't bother me at all.
This is just the way that I do it.
I like having, I mean,
I don't know if I like.
I'm just accustomed to
writing it this way.
>> Speaker 3: In that case,
near the file, you'd just import
reducers cuz there would be
no reducer method import?
>> Brian Holt: So, what you would do here
with the [CROSSTALK] curly parentheses.
>> Speaker 3: It stored it.
>> Brian Holt: So,
this would work the same way.
These two things would be the same.
So.
>> Speaker 3: And then,
over in store where you were.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
you wouldn't change anything in store
>> Speaker 3: Bringing in,
you'd still import rootReducer?
>> Brian Holt: Yep.
So that's it,
I see the point you're making.
This doesn't have to actually match
whatever comes from reducers,
this can be called blah, right, and
this would just be called blah, right?
It's not a named export
is what I'm getting at.
So, you can actually export
it as a named export,
which is exactly what create store is,
right?
It says, export not default,
it says export CreateStore, and
that how you gonna handle it,
cuz you know it's called createStore.
That make sense?
Yeah.
But even this, you can say export
createStore as blah2, right?
And now, it's not called createStore,
it's called blah2.
But that's all ES6 module stuff.
>> Brian Holt: Does that
answer your question?
>> Speaker 3: Yes.
>> Brian Holt: Cool.
Okay.
>> Brian Holt: So now,
we have the hello world of store, right.
And actually store it.
The creation of store doesn't usually end
up being much more difficult than this.
The only thing that will eventually
add back in here is you can
have read X middlewares.
Which I will explain when,
we're gonna use one later, but for
now it sufficed to say this is
enough to get the basics of a store.
Any questions?
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
I've shown you how to create stores and
it's probably not a far leap to figure
out how to read from stores, right?
But I have not, necessarily, talked
about how to modify the store yet, or
at least how how to get there.
Okay.
Or at least how to do it from
the user-interface.
So, what the interface is gonna do is the
interface is going to dispatch an action.
It's gonna say, hey, redux, this happened,
here's the data that go along with it,
you deal with it, right.
So, you're gonna have action creators,
which are going to dispatch actions,
which are then going to be
passed into the rootReducer,
which is then going to
be dispatch to reducer,
which is going to change the state,
which is gonna go back into the store.
And then the store informs, React says,
okay, here is a new state and
then you get a new nice interface.
>> Brian Holt: So,
it's a very tight loop, right?
It happens, right?
And it's very easy to follow because
it always follows the same pattern,
but as you might have noticed,
instead of calling setState,
which was one step, we now have
seven steps to modifying State.
So, complexity.
We've added a bunch of complexity,
and so you have to ask yourself,
is this complexity worth it to me and
to my app?
Okay.
So, we're going to go do each
one of those steps now, and
it's a bit tedious, I admit.
But, It's predictable,
and I value predictability over
how tedious it is to write.